how to use the digital book in the
platform we click on the link of the
platform that takes us to a new
window in which the book is opened
digital once the new window is open
where is the digital book
we see in the upper right part the
number of pages title
corresponding to each digital book
now to see the content of the
pages we have two options first
option
we click on the right gray bar
of the book where there is an arrow
and the page automatically opens
next and so on
now to return from page we do what
same by clicking on the gray part to the
left of the edge of the book where
find a return arrow and
automatically returns to the page
second option we place the pointer of the
mouse on the top right of the
book and we see that automatically it
unfolds the corner of the sheet of such
way to change the page
we keep pressing clicking and
drag the mouse to the side
left and down of the book
we jump out of the mouse and automatically
will change the page in the books
we will find some videos
embedded in which are not explained
briefly the procedure of the
exercises or examples of them this
video consists of a back bar
where we found a play line of
volume time and a button to expand the
video now to visualize them we give
click on play and the video is played
we see your corresponding timeline
to the yellow color if we want to go up or
lower the volume of it we do
here and for better visualization of
we can use it on the screen
complete from this button by clicking and
As we can see , the video was expanded to
full screen while still maintaining your
navigation bar to stop seeing the
full screen video we go back to
click on the enlarge video button or
we simply press the script key
for more practical use of the digital book
We have a menu in the lower part of the
black book with white icons
each button has its corresponding
name and function and when approaching it
and on each button will be displayed
automatically the name or action of the
same we start with the button
full screen which giving a click
the book will be extended to the whole screen
if we want to return to normal screen
we give another click and ready button print
we click on it and a submenu with
the option of printing the document
where you can choose between printing
one or several pages of it to your
There is also the possibility of
record the digital book with a format
pdf
sound button if we want to remove the
sound of the book we click on the button
sound and we disappear sum button
click on the button are and the
book for better visibility
we automatically see in the center
top of the screen a submenu of
gray color which consists of two icons
sign + and - which serve to
enlarge and reduce the image there is also
buttons to turn the page towards
forward and backward we can also
with the mouse pointer drag the
page of the book from top to bottom or
from right to left to see everything
now we have another option to visualize
the page of the book on the bottom
right there is a submenu which consists
of the following buttons next
page and previous page next to these
buttons there are two plus the last
page and the first page button in
the blank box that we have in
middle of these buttons we see the number
page and what page
is currently also here
we can put the page
we want to go and automatically not
redirects